Some reflections for the first time trying to deal with bits / bytes in ruby
1. It's interesting to think about numbers as just a sequence of bits that may not actually represent what we think of as the decimal number. For example, when we added the MSB to the 7 bit sequence, the "output" was a decimal number, but the number wasn't meant to be interpreted literally but rather as a representation of a sequence of bits. Obviously the above makes sense because a number is just a sequence of bits, but thinking about when a sequence of bits is meant to be taken as the thing itself vs a representation of a piece of something else is interesting and something I've never thought about before.

2. One more thing about the above which was also interesting to reflect on is that while it's true that the output was a number, when we're focusing on the number as a representation of the bits, the size (ie # of bits) in the number becomes very important. `15` as a 4 bit int is very different than `15` as a 32 or 64 bit int. Obviously we can treat the lower order bits as the same and do things like masking, but if the number is really a representation of the of bits, and we  care about the number of bits (as in our decoder looking at every sequence of 8 bits) then the two numbers are very different.

3. When we decoded and first placed the highest 7 bits in the number and then shifted them to the left 7 bits - that
was really cool. The bits felt like parts on an assembly line that we were placing down and then moving over in order to make room for more. The part that I thought was cool was that it was such a simple way to place all the bits into the correct location without having to worry about the index of the 7 bit sequence.

4. Something that was new and I'm still struggling to totally wrap my head around is what it means to pack / unpack a string (I wrote my encoder in ruby). I'm so used to dealing with string and numbers that I find myself sometimes struggling to understand if the value is a string value or a bit and what the difference really is.